Add xperimental features and add table for how sync works (#1662)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/private-networks/concepts/private-network-syncing.md

For private, permissioned blockchain networks, Besu uses the same synchronization modes as public networks, but with specific configurations for private network needs.

:::note

When you configure syncing for a private network, ensure all nodes use compatible sync modes and configurations.

:::

When setting up a private network, consider the following:

- Use the same sync modes as public networks (snap, checkpoint, fast, or full sync).
- Configure the network with a custom genesis file.
- Set the network ID and bootnode(s) specific to your private network.
- Implement permissioning features to control network access.

:::warning Experimental feature 

 `--Xsnapsync-bft-enabled` is an experimental feature. It is not stable and is not fully supported in all versions of Besu. Use this option with caution.

 Use `--Xsnapsync-bft-enabled` in private, permissioned networks that use BFT consensus mechanisms.
 When enabled, this option allows Besu to use Snap sync on BFT networks. Use this option in combination with the `--sync-mode=SNAP` option. The default is `false`.

 :::

Choose the appropriate sync mode based on your private network's requirements and node purposes.

> | Sync Mode | Description | Requirements | Method | Limitations |

Author: Tried using this and it looks eve more confusing :(

---

> title: Private network syncing
> sidebar_position: 6
> description: Sync node types for Besu private networks
> tags:
>   - private networks
> ---
> 
> ## Private network syncing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Node synchronization
sidebar_position: 4
description: Learn about node synchronization for private networks.
tags:
  - private networks
---

# Node synchronization for private networks
```

For more consistency with my suggestion on the public networks doc

For private, permissioned blockchain networks, Besu uses the same synchronization 
modes as public networks, but with specific configurations for private network needs.

:::note

When you configure syncing for a private network, ensure all nodes use compatible sync modes and configurations.

:::

> When [setting up a private network](../tutorials/privacy), consider the following:

Author: ```suggestion
When [setting up a private network](../tutorials/privacy.md), consider the following:
```

> For private, permissioned blockchain networks, Besu uses the same synchronization 
> modes as public networks, but with specific configurations for private network needs.
> 
> :::note
> 
> When you configure syncing for a private network, ensure all nodes use compatible sync modes and configurations.
> 
> :::
> 
> When [setting up a private network](../tutorials/privacy/quickstart.md), consider the following:
> 
> - Use the same sync modes as public networks (snap, checkpoint, fast, or full sync).
> - Configure the network with a custom genesis file.
> - Set the network ID and bootnode(s) specific to your private network.
> - Implement permissioning features to control network access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For private, permissioned blockchain networks, Besu uses the same [synchronization 
modes](/public-networks/concepts/sync-node) as public networks, but with specific configurations for private network needs.

To sync Besu on a private network:

- Ensure all nodes use compatible sync modes and configurations.
- Configure the network with a custom genesis file.
- Set the network ID and bootnodes specific to your private network.
- Implement permissioning features to control network access.
```

Suggestion for conciseness.

| Checkpoint | Efficient sync from a specific checkpoint block configured in the genesis file.                                                      | Besu version 22.4.3 or later                                           | Syncs from a checkpoint block defined in the genesis file. Is the fast sync and has the lowest storage requirements. | Not supported for QBFT or IBFT 2.0 networks without a checkpoint configuration. |
| Fast       | Default for named networks except the dev development network.                                                                       | None                                                                   | Downloads block headers and transaction receipts, verifies chain from genesis block.                                 | Not supported with private transactions.                                        |

> | Full       | Downloads and verifies the entire blockchain and state from the genesis block. This builds an archive node, with full state history. | None                                                                   | Downloads entire blockchain, verifies all states from genesis block.                                                 | Slowest sync mode, requires the most disk space.                                |

Reviewer: Similar comment to the public network table, I think we can simplify and combine "Method" and "Description" into one column. Also add links to the relevant sync mode sections for each mode (snap, checkpoint, etc). There should also be consistency across this page and the public networks page on what location we recommend snap sync (in the table or in a note).
